# 0x4D2 - RWTH - Germany

## Overview:
* This is the code for Kaggle Data Science Game 2016: Online selection,  we achieved rank of 16/200. 
* Check https://inclass.kaggle.com/c/data-science-game-2016-online-selection/leaderboard/private for the private result.
* The details of the game description can be found in https://inclass.kaggle.com/c/data-science-game-2016-online-selection. Top20 team got the finalist qualification in Paris, from September 09 -- September 11, 2016. 
The model is based on Torch7 and its dependencies.
The final csv file is generated by four models and an ensemble process.
Our model does not  finetune on the original data set.
(Only used the original 8,000 data and training from scratch.)

### Data

`model/imglist/train.txt` contains the 8,000 training images (32x32).

`model/imglist/test.txt` contains the 8,000 training images (48x48).

### Network 

See `model/residual-network.lua`. (Similar structure to the standard deep-residual-network).

### Training

See `model/trainer.lua` (Weighted initialization process can be found in `model/initialize_weight.lua`).
Notice that we use real-time augmentation (random crop and flip tricks), which can be found in `model/augmentation.lua`.

### Trained Models:  

1. `model/pretrained/model_datasize32x32.t7`: produced on the data resized to 32x32. Depth is 28.
For the details see `model/classify_datasize32x32.csv`.


2.  `model/pretrained/model_datasize32x32_with_dropout0.3.t7`: produced on the data resized to 32x32.
The Dropout module is added to network. Depth is 28.
For the details see `model/classify_datasize32x32_with_deopout0.3.csv`.

3. `model/pretrained/model_datasize48x48.t7`: produced on the data resized to 48x48. Depth is 28.
For the details see `model/classify_datasize48x48.csv`.

4. `model/pretrained/model_datasize48x48_deeperNet.t7`: produced on the data resized to 48x48.
Just make the net deeper. Depth = 40. For the details see `model/classify_datasize48x48_deeperNet.csv`.

### Ensemble Process

`ensemble/ensemble.*` are used to combine the generated output result of the four models.
They read the four csv files (in submission format) and combine them into one submission formated csv file.

`ensemble/*.log` are the four log files to be combined, which are generated from the trained models..
# kaggle-data-science-game-2016
# kaggle-data-science-game-2016
# kaggle-data-science-game-2016
# kaggle-data-science-game-2016
# kaggle-data-science-game-2016
